

===== PAGE 19 / exam_anglais_anglais-2011-2023-9e-af.pdf =====
Il
Anglais 18
[ Juillet 2013 | uillet 2013
Traffic in Haïti                              C
Traffic has become a serious problem in Haiti. Especially | 1-
in Port-au-Prince, the capital of Haiti, some streets are
narrow, chaotic and dangerous for the amount of traffic
they have to carry. Many Haitian drivers don’t follow the
rules of sensible driving, for, they drive much faster than
they should and frequently they fail to signal when they are
going to turn.                                                                  IE
Most of the streets in Port-au-Prince don’t have traffic
lights. Because of this, the drivers don't really care about
the rules of sensible driving, which increase the number of
car accidents. Another problem, many drivers don’t pay | D
attention to the speed laws.                                          1
Every city in the country has traffic problems. The city
traffic is always chaotic. And the drivers don’t drive
carefully. Such drivers frequently cause accidents. They
make traffic dangerous even for careful drivers.
Lest’s learn Englis   1
A- Questions on the reading                                    |
I- Read the text carefully and answer.
1. Generally, how is she city traffic?
2. What is the main cause of the increasing number of
car accidents?
3. Why do drivers frequently fail to signal?
II- Complete each incomplete sentence with the missing
parts from the text.
1. Most of the streets in Port-au-Prince don’t
2. Such drivers frequently …
B- Grammar section
I- Complete the sentences with the correct form of the
verb.
1. We (to see                   ) the director yesterday.
2. She (to live                   ) in Canada since 2004.
3. She (to study                       ) her lessons now.
67

II- Fill in the blanks with the correct possessive adjective.
1. The doctor is in                                office.
2. They have eaten                             breakfast.
3. We are doing                              homework.
C- Vocabulary section
ÿ | I- Choose (some, anyone, no one) to fill in the blank
e        spaces.
c         1.                  said anything to me about the meeting.
ë        2. Pay attention, there is                      at the door.
1         3. Please don’t tell       about the plan until next year.
e
I Use (100 much, too many) in the blanks
©         1. Your sister made                               mistakes.
t      2. They drank                             coffee.
f
y | D- Writing production
1- Fill in the blanks with your own expressions.
ÿ    1. IfT had a car
e
y     2. Do you love
3. Yesterday, I received
‘   II- Choose one of the following topics. (Eight lines at
least).
1. Talk about your favorite soccer player.
2. Where bad how will you spend your summer
vacation?
3
L.
A
67

===== PAGE 20 / exam_anglais_anglais-2011-2023-9e-af.pdf =====
3.
Anglais 19                                                               c
| Juillet 2013 | uillet 2013        1
Teenage driving
Elena, you just ran a red light! Brad shouted from the back
seat of the car.” Did 1? Sorry! I didn’t even see the red
light” A few minutes later, Elena saw a stop sign after she
ran it. She was driving over the speed limit. When they got
to Megan’s house, Elena called her mother. ‘‘Mom, we’re
at Megan’s house. Everything is ok. I drove safety”?
Teenage driving is sometimes a problem. In the United
States, more teenagers die from accidents than from any
other cause. There is a higher risk of accidents with 16 year
old drivers than with 17 — an — 18 year — old drivers. Also,
when teens drive with other people in the car, they have   nl
accidents more often than when they’re driving alone.
What is the reason for teenage driving problem? Are teen
reckless and dangerous drivers? Some people say teenagers
are too young to drive. Other people don’t agree. They say | D:
that the problem is just teenagers are new drivers. They just    A
need more practice and experience.
Make a goal # 3
A- Questions on the reading (50pts)
I- Read the text carefully and answer.
1. Why didn’t Elena see the red light?
2. In the United States, What causes more teenager’s
death?
3. In what occasion do teens have accidents more often?     B
11- Complete each incomplete sentence with parts of
sentence taken from the text.
1. They just                       and experience.
2.                                           too young to drive.
B- Grammar section
I- Put the verbs in parentheses in the correct tense.
1. Last night Uncle Peter (to visit)              us at home.
2. Next year I (10 be)                         in the 3" grade.
3. Keep silent. Dad (to listen)               to music now.
11- Pick up the correct word and write it in the blank space.
1. Do you have (something, anything, nothing) to eat?
2. Bob has lived here (ago, for, since)        three years.
68

3. If you walked faster you (will catch, would catch,
catching)               the train.
C- Vocabulary section
I- Match each word from column A to its best definition in
column B.
   RE
S           :                       a woman whose husband is
À          Pills                 a | dead
t              :                    What parents do to children
e        Punishment |3     © | when they do something bad.
What doctors give to sick
d                                    d | people in order to make them
y                                   get better
r         CAT UT 2 T3]
,         AE PS PS
e
II- Give the derived noun of:
1. To drive
al
s     2. To sing
Y | D- Writing production
U LA Complete each incomplete sentence with your own
;       words.
1. If you don’t study your lesson.
2. I don’t feel good today because.
3. If you followed the course.
B- Choose one of the following subjects. (Eight lines at
least).
1. Describe one of your best classmate.
2 Would you like to become a teacher ? Why?
68

===== PAGE 21 / exam_anglais_anglais-2011-2023-9e-af.pdf =====
Anglais 20
| Juillet 2012 | 2012
From the moment she got off the plane, Janet felt that
something was wrong, but she could not decide what it | II
was. She proceeded through the airport to the baggage  A
pickup. As she waited for bags to appear, she began to
think once again that something was wrong — something
was missing.
Her bags arrived and a skycap took them to a waiting taxi.
As she rode into the city, she turned over in her mind the
events of the day. The flight from Denver had been   B
uneventful. Her hotel reservation was confirmed, and her
business appointments for the week had been scheduled a
month ago. Everything appeared to be in order. Yet, she
still felt that something was missing.
She glanced down at the seat. There were her purse, her
small bag of make-up, and suddenly she knew what was
wrong. Her briefcase, with all the important documents and
plans, was missing! She almost cried.
From people Today
II- Questions on the reading
A- Read the text carefully then answer.
1. Realizing the missing objet, how was Janet?
2. Where did the flight come from?
3. What was missing?
B- Referring to the text, complete the following
incomplete sentences.
1. There were ..…............ and ............. Was wrong
2. ..................... to a waiting taxi.
II- Grammar section
A-— Put the verbs in parentheses in the correct tense.
1. Yesterday there (to be) .......... many guests
at the party.
2. If you don't leave now you (to miss) ..…........ the
meeting.
3. James (to play) ............. games every day with
Harry.
B- Underline the correct word in each line.
69

1. Mrs. Diane sees a nice cat, on the roof. (did,
hasn't, doesn't) she?
2. No one (can, could, can't) do it? It wasn’t easy.
A       3. Have you already (seen, see, saw) the book?
t | III Vocabulary section
® | A- Fill in the blank  spaces with the correct words.
o       Elevator, aïsle, bill, cash
1. The mechanic sent me a .… for repairing my car.
L        2. I was too tired to walk upstairs, so I took the .….
e        3. The passengers were standing at the … of the bus.
:  B- Match each word in column A with its definition in
à       column B.
:
An Island] a|  Has to operate broken bones
[A surgeon] b}
r                      3| Is a part of land surrounded by
S                           water
d
ÿ
J
69